1. machine
2. machine learning
3. machine machine learning
	- This wasn't giving us the best result because searching machine learning
	  and machine machine learning were giving us similar results but we went back
	  and fixed something minor in the query TDIF.
4. machine learning learning
5. cristina
6. lopes
7. cristina lopes
8. master of software engineering
	- This one lacked efficiency as there were many words to search for
	  but our implementation of the index was also inefficient. We were previously
	  loading the whole index based on their letter but now, it will search for
	  just the words and return their docIDs and term frequencies
9. ACM
10. information retrieval
11. violets are blue
	- We wanted to make sure that words that weren't there wouldn't be considered
12. asdfhjlqweruipoip
	- We didn't consider words that didn't exist so it would crash, but now we used a "try-except" to
	  counter those keys that don't exist
13. an as by it of on android
	- Efficiency was bad on long queries so one solution was to delete all stop words
14. he's write vs he writing
	- It shouldnt matter whether we query different variations of the same words. We went
	  back and stemmed the words
15. AI@uci intelligence
	- writng in special characters shouldn't be a problem, nor should capitalizations. So, we 
	  went back and fixed them in query handling.
16. alberto krone
	- Both the words didn't exist in the index and are true words. It would take awhile because
	  both the words would have to check the whole index but we split the indexes up by letter
	  so retrieval would be faster.
17. thornton boo
	- Professor Thornton is notorious for the existence of Boo (rip) and previously our
	  cosine similarity wouldn't match boo with thornton so we made sure to normalize our 
	  queries and docID before computing cosine similarity which we decided to make ourselves
	  rather than using a library.
18. graph algorithms
	- this query allows us to measure how well strong tags do in the search. It was difficult to weight
	  strong tags within specific docIDs, but we did this in pre-processing of the index.
19. cool things to do in france
20. quarantine
	   